How far I have fallen! A god... reduced to a prisoner!
See what beasts they have reduced us to... Creatures of flesh sustained only by this filth's blood and form!
The heavens, the endless skies folding into each other. Where are they now?
I am in a cage within a prison... But this foul shape reminds me of my purpose!
We march to battle... Let me carve flesh, let me cloak myself in the slaughter! Hide me in their carnage... Hide me from this suffering...
I beg, let some challenge me today... So that I may tear out their hearts! Pray! Let me watch them die, eyes knowing they served... my dark purpose...
Cleave through them, Aatrox! Crush their skulls! Shatter their ribs! Disembowl their very souls!
Our vengeance is at hand!
Dark deeds I will do this day... Though I will carry myself as my former pride dictates!
Every dream is a candle I must snuff out... I... am the darkness...
They sing of love, hope and gods, all that makes them want to live! So, I will quiet that first!
I have no goodness left, it was taken from me, stolen! I... am the nemesis of life.
From entire villages and towns, I will rend the flesh... Until I stand... as an unholy god.
March flesh, march toward them! We have horrors to sow! Lives to reap! Let me make them regret... being free.
I touched the stars, and saw the glorious light of a thousand suns! Now, blinded by this elegance, how could my purpose be anything... but dark...
Tricked into this existence... False slave entrapped by endless life! I shall become a beast feeding on their destruction, and making them lament my unholy birth!
Once in noble battle, I screamed against the silence. I stood as light against the darkness. Now, I serve a new master... oblivion...
To war, Aatrox! They shall not rob us of our nobility! We shall stand, and spit venom at our tormentors for eternity!
No beast so fierce, but knows some touch of pity... But I know none... and therefore am no beast.
Let me tear their flesh from them. Let me break their souls... And murder their dreams.
Where I was excellence, I am deformed... Recast poorly with these crude materials. But this abomination of flesh well serves my murderous intent.
I shall take their limbs. I will reap their beloved! I will tear from their consciousness, the will to live. Yes, this is my purpose.
I am but an unholy copy of life... A mockery of its freedom... And born in the cruel betrayal of the noble ideals I would've served.
I shall regard their cries as braying steeds, waiting to be whipped, broken, and bridled!
I shall not kiss the ground, nor let myself be wielded as a tool! I am damned, but I will remake this world in my dark image!
I do not obey! I cannot lay down! I will be the ender of all things!